{
  "document_id": "nicm_vulnerabilitiesinus2020electioninfrastructure_15jan2020_declass_red_9105174603df",
  "source_relative_path": "1. Vulnerabilities in Voting and Counting Systems\\NICM_VulnerabilitiesInUS2020ElectionInfrastructure_15JAN2020_DECLASS_REDACTEDed.pdf",
  "source_sha256": "9105174603df72f1c9142b8e0bb56e1e036dc6d4f3dbaf559aada1e2b7e22d4c",
  "page_number": 2,
  "extraction_method": "ocr",
  "ocr_average_confidence": 91.80905511811024
}

a NERO NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE COUNCIL, ae © gm Voter Registration Databases. States (U) Definitions of Cyber Terms house their voter registration databases I predominantly on Internet-connected systems that (U/ ggg) Attack. A cyber actor attempts to are designed for easy access because maintaining degrade, destroy, disrupt, manipulate, or otherwise up-to-date voter registration records is a nearly hinder the operation of a system or network. continuous process. Adversaries could alter data to Manipulation or deletion of data solely to hide an potentially prevent individual voters or groups of intrusion is not considered an attack. voters from voting, causing delays on election day or forcing voters to use provisional ballots. (U/ ggg) Compromise. A cyber actor gains Adversaries could also use the registration data— unauthorized access to collect data or execute which in some cases is also available publicly or for demands or installs malware linked to a malicious purchase—to tailor other interference or influence Internet protocol address. efforts. (U/ggm) Exploit. A malicious actor collects © ggg Pollbooks. Registration databases transfer data, deploys additional malware, or establishes voter registration information to e-pollbook devices persistent access on a compromised system. Cyber or paper pollbooks used to check in voters at the actors may compromise more accounts and systems precinct level. Some pollbooks are tied to Internet- than they exploit, in part because of the availability connected databases that adversaries probably of tools that automate the process of compromising would be able to easily exploit to manipulate data, vulnerable systems. with effects similar to those from manipulation of registration databases. (U/ (ggg) Scan. A cyber actor sends a system specific network traffic and observes its responses to ° Mg State and Local Election Officials’ identify security vulnerabilities. Internet scanning is Websites. These sites provide public information very common but may have only a modest success about voting locations or, in some states, are used rate, meaning cyber actors scan far more systems to report voting results. Attacks on or than they actually affect. compromises of these sites could deter individuals from voting or cast doubt on election results. Mu «VY ote-Administering Systems Vulnerable mu Centralized Data Repositories Most to Localized Exploitation Vulnerable es “We assess that systems designed to tabulate wa «We assess that adversaries could most easily votes, transmit vote amounts, or display election exploit centralized election-related data repositories results probably are vulnerable to localized because of their ease of access and comparative lack of exploitation but would be difficult to manipulate at security. These systems, which are used to collect, scale. For example, hackers have repeatedly update, and store voter information, are designed for demonstrated that some voting machines are easy to regular access, commonly through web portals, which compromise. makes them vulnerable to a range of malicious cyber activities. A committed adversary could exploit access © ggg Direct recording electronic machines, to these systems to disrupt election processes across the which record and process votes digitally and store country. tabulation data in removable memory, are particularly vulnerable to cyber operations, especially machines with no paper backup. Such [2] ee
