{
  "document_id": "nicm_vulnerabilitiesinus2020electioninfrastructure_15jan2020_declass_red_9105174603df",
  "source_relative_path": "1. Vulnerabilities in Voting and Counting Systems\\NICM_VulnerabilitiesInUS2020ElectionInfrastructure_15JAN2020_DECLASS_REDACTEDed.pdf",
  "source_sha256": "9105174603df72f1c9142b8e0bb56e1e036dc6d4f3dbaf559aada1e2b7e22d4c",
  "page_number": 3,
  "extraction_method": "ocr",
  "ocr_average_confidence": 85.69261477045909
}

a NE NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE COUNCIL, machines, however, are used far less than other, ae more secure types of voting machines. gas Ballot and Voting Machine ; ; ; Preparation Vulnerabilities © ggg Adversaries who obtained physical access I to voting machines could alter how they function, (U/ ggg) Ballot and voting machine preparation is manipulate the data in them, or install malware, vulnerable to cyber, supply chain, or insider threats. according to US state and academic investigations. We judge, however, that security and mitigation At the 2019 DefCon cyber security conference, measures used in these processes, and the hackers demonstrated the ability to compromise distribution of voting machine storage facilities more than 100 voting machines, all of which had countrywide, would make it difficult for an been certified for use in at least one US voting adversary to coordinate a campaign to manipulate jurisdiction. voting results across an entire state or multiple (U) Pollbook Hacking Example states. U) A pollbook was modified at the 2019 Defcon Votin 7 . iodine Hacking Village to run the popular videogame ° 7 Ballot sas ate Paper or Doom, according to press reporting. electronic ballots to upload to voting machines Quite >—— 4 “2 = is usually outsourced to third-party vendors. _ J : Sa = st, ‘ Some use Internet-connected computer at ae kia wa Pe \\: systems and lack password and encryption . be ay ee as a policies, which could allow malicious actors to =—§ 4 pe ms , corrupt ballot files. Logic and accuracy tests to | ensure the machines function properly before , election day, however, probably would detect \ such activity. a ' © gm Voting Machine Preparation. Voting ‘eo , \ machines configured at a central location are ra \ vulnerable to insider threats. Malware (U) = introduced into the voting machines during UNCLASSIFIED — this phase might affect multiple jurisdictions © gu Thirty-one states and the District of but also would be detectable during the Columbia allow eligible voters to submit absentee preelection testing. ballots via Internet or fax, making these votes susceptible to disruption or manipulation. Four as states allow voters to return absentee ballots via a each other, and many methods for exploiting them rely web-based portal, seven allow some voters to on physical proximity. Although an adversary could return ballots via fax only, and one allows mobile manipulate voting results across multiple jurisdictions voting secured with blockchain technology. and enough states to influence a presidential election, we Absentee votes, however, are small in number and judge that conducting such a campaign would be typically closely monitored for anomalies. difficult and that postelection audits and paper trails very likely would uncover such an effort. gag We assess that vote tabulation systems would be difficult to manipulate on a wide enough scale to e (U) A growing number of jurisdictions are using compromise election results. The systems in each voter-verified paper backups and postelection voting location are not connected to the Internet or to [3] ee
