{
  "document_id": "cisa_election_report_final_3c6db9616032",
  "source_relative_path": "1. Vulnerabilities in Voting and Counting Systems\\CISA Election Report - FINAL.pdf",
  "source_sha256": "3c6db961603260a77dce4548b7e5a7f5a6fd2b964345ab4a46eb1d3c61485c22",
  "page_number": 1,
  "extraction_method": "native",
  "ocr_average_confidence": null
}

As of July 13, 2026 cisa.gov central@cisa.dhs.gov @CISAgov @CISACyber @cisagov EXECUTIVE SUMMARY From around 2019 to 2024, the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA) conducted a set of technical and operational activities to evaluate the security of certain U.S. election systems. These activities, all carried out upon the request of system owners and operators, included direct examination of election-related software; penetration testing of state, local, tribal, and territorial (SLTT) networks; and incident response operations for intrusions into elections systems. Through these activities, CISA developed a strong understanding of the vulnerabilities that, at the time of testing, affected select election-related software products and network environments evaluated by CISA. In every software product or election-related network in which CISA identified a vulnerability, CISA notified the owner or operator of the vulnerable product or network and encouraged them to mitigate the vulnerability. CISA’s findings highlight the reality that election-related software, like all complex software, contains vulnerabilities that require timely remediation. While past partnerships with election vendors enabled early identification of security weaknesses prior to product release, structural constraints in the certification ecosystem significantly limit vendors’ abilities to patch systems quickly. For example, some government election systems certification regimes require that no patches be applied for months before an election. These limitations, combined with inconsistent vulnerability disclosure practices, result in election systems being deployed with known and unpatched security issues. Beyond software quality, CISA’s assessments repeatedly show that the IT networks operated by SLTT election offices lack cybersecurity hygiene. Many election vendor threat models assume strong network segmentation and isolation of election systems. However, in practice, election infrastructure is often accessible from general enterprise networks, creating opportunities for lateral movement by adversaries who compromise email systems, user workstations, or other information technology (IT) assets. Weak identity management, limited logging, and insufficient segmentation exacerbate the risk that a cyber threat actor could access or disrupt mission critical election IT components. Overall, the security of U.S. elections is shaped by the interaction of three major factors: (1) software vulnerability management constrained by outdated certification regimes; (2) inconsistent transparency from election system vendors on vulnerabilities and patch status; and (3) the cybersecurity immaturity of many SLTT networks responsible for hosting election systems. Addressing these challenges requires coordinated action across technical, policy, and regulatory domains. This report provides detailed analysis and proposes targeted recommendations to strengthen election infrastructure security and enhance public trust in the resilience of the nation’s elections infrastructure. ELECTION REPORT
