{
  "document_id": "cisa_election_report_final_3c6db9616032",
  "source_relative_path": "1. Vulnerabilities in Voting and Counting Systems\\CISA Election Report - FINAL.pdf",
  "source_sha256": "3c6db961603260a77dce4548b7e5a7f5a6fd2b964345ab4a46eb1d3c61485c22",
  "page_number": 4,
  "extraction_method": "native",
  "ocr_average_confidence": null
}

4 ELECTION REPORT As of July 13, 2026 cisa.gov central@cisa.dhs.gov @CISAgov @CISACyber @cisagov National policymakers should encourage harmonization of rules applicable to patch management and certification of election systems. Such harmonization would allow SLTT election officials greater flexibility in installing security updates in a timely manner and would present a less fragmented environment for election system vendors. Election Systems in SLTT Operating Environments SLTT Network Security Posture Election software is deployed into SLTT managed networks that frequently lack the defensive maturity assumed in vendor threat models. Across numerous penetration tests and red team engagements, CISA observed recurring structural weaknesses in SLTT-managed networks: • Flat or minimally segmented networks, allowing lateral movement from standard enterprise zones (email servers, line-of-business applications) into election related environments. • Weak identity and access management, including poor enforcement of multi-factor authentication, shared credentials, and inadequate service account hygiene. • Lack of endpoint hardening, including outdated OS versions, insufficient event logging, and unmonitored administrative interfaces. • Legacy remote access and file transfer pathways that remain reachable from segments that should be isolated. • Insufficient monitoring of network traffic, preventing detection of adversary activity.0F1 In multiple cases, CISA assessors gained full network control within hours or days, demonstrating that many SLTT partners remain soft targets incapable of stopping even moderately skilled adversaries. Most states have moved away from paperless electronic voting machines, because these systems don’t provide a physical record or give voters a way to ensure their selections were recorded accurately. The replacement paper-voting systems also contain vulnerable components; in 2020, ImageCast X Ballot Marking Devices printed voters’ completed ballots on paper but encoded their selections in a barcode that voters had no way to verify. A researcher showed that hackers could change the votes encoded in the barcode, without even having physical access to the machines.1F2 The Office of the Director of National Intelligence (ODNI) additionally commissioned a forensic examination of Dominion Voting Systems devices used in Puerto Rico’s 2024 election.2F3 While CISA did review the report, the agency did not have access to those devices and was unable to perform an examination. 1 Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA). Cyber Risk Summary: Election Infrastructure (EI) Subsector, October 2022– September 2023. Published February 2024. 2 J. Alex Halderman, Security Analysis of Georgia’s ImageCast X Ballot Marking Devices: Expert Report Submitted on Behalf of Plaintiffs Donna Curling, et al., Curling v. Raffensperger, Civil Action No. 1:17-CV-2989-AT, U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Georgia, Atlanta Division, with assistance from Drew Springall, July 1, 2021. 3 Dominion Voting Systems Democracy Suite Preliminary Vulnerability Assessment, Mojave Research for the ODNI, September 25, 2025.
