{
  "document_id": "cisa_election_report_final_3c6db9616032",
  "source_relative_path": "1. Vulnerabilities in Voting and Counting Systems\\CISA Election Report - FINAL.pdf",
  "source_sha256": "3c6db961603260a77dce4548b7e5a7f5a6fd2b964345ab4a46eb1d3c61485c22",
  "page_number": 5,
  "extraction_method": "native",
  "ocr_average_confidence": null
}

5 ELECTION REPORT As of July 13, 2026 cisa.gov central@cisa.dhs.gov @CISAgov @CISACyber @cisagov Segmentation Failures Against Vendor Threat Models Election vendor threat models typically assume that there is strong network segmentation between election systems—such as voter registration databases, electronic pollbooks, election management systems/tabulation systems, and central scanning infrastructure—from general enterprise IT environments. However, CISA assessments from 2019-2024 repeatedly showed: • Election systems were reachable from enterprise hosts due to shared authentication domains, legacy VLAN configurations, or “temporary” exceptions that become permanent; • Inadequate firewall rule hygiene, with over-broad allow rules and insufficient egress controls; • Election infrastructure that is co-located on general purpose virtualization clusters that also host public facing workloads; and • Overreliance on “airgap” assumptions that do not reflect actual connectivity (e.g., vendor support tunnels, unmonitored remote management tools, or indirect network paths). These misalignments between theoretical and actual deployment models create exploitable pathways for adversaries capable of moving from commodity phishing based initial access to high value election assets. The Importance of Transparency American citizens have a right to know when the infrastructure that runs elections has been compromised, and what happened as part of the incident. By openly acknowledging incidents and describing mitigation steps, vendors and localities can show that they are proactively defending critical infrastructure rather than obscuring vulnerabilities. This transparency encourages continuous improvement, drives investment in stronger defenses, and reinforces that protecting elections is a collective national priority. Clear and consistent disclosure strengthens accountability across the institutions responsible for safeguarding election systems. Even the perception of secrecy around cybersecurity incidents can erode trust faster than the incidents themselves. Communicating early, often, and honestly—while still protecting sensitive operational details—helps ensure that Americans maintain faith in the integrity of their elections and the resilience of the systems that support them. Mitigation Measures CISA recommends that SLTT election officials take the following mitigation measures: 1. Harmonize relevant patch management and certification rules for voting systems and associated IT infrastructure to allow cybersecurity changes to be made in real-time, without impacting certification. 2. Adhere to CISA’s Best Practices for Securing Election Systems, at https://www.cisa.gov/news-events/news/best-practices-securing-election-systems. 3. Use human-readable paper ballots.
