{
  "document_id": "cisa_election_report_final_3c6db9616032",
  "source_relative_path": "1. Vulnerabilities in Voting and Counting Systems\\CISA Election Report - FINAL.pdf",
  "source_sha256": "3c6db961603260a77dce4548b7e5a7f5a6fd2b964345ab4a46eb1d3c61485c22",
  "page_number": 2,
  "extraction_method": "native",
  "ocr_average_confidence": null
}

2 As of July 13, 2026 cisa.gov central@cisa.dhs.gov @CISAgov @CISACyber @cisagov ELECTION REPORT Introduction From around 2019 to 2024, CISA evaluated the security posture of election entities through multiple, mutually reinforcing technical activities. These included, upon the request of relevant entities, direct source code and binary analysis of election software, protocol and interface assessments, penetration testing and red team operations against SLTT networks, and response operations for cybersecurity incidents affecting those same partners. Together, these activities provided CISA with a multilayered view of vulnerabilities across the software supply chain, deployment environments, operational workflows, and adversary targeting trends. In every case that CISA identified a vulnerability in a software product or election-related network, CISA notified the owner or operator of the vulnerable product or network and encouraged them to mitigate the vulnerability. CISA correlated vulnerability data; adversary tactics, techniques, and procedures (TTPs); threat intelligence; configuration weaknesses; logging gaps; and systemic architectural issues across numerous assessments of SLTT entities. The agency’s analysis helped identify security regressions (in which modifications to software result in the re-emergence of previously resolved issues), recurring ineffective or harmful attempts at solutions, and conditions that enabled adversaries to exfiltrate sensitive data, modify election artifacts, or degrade system availability. The intent of this report is to draw from CISA’s assessments in the 2019-2025 timeframe to present an assessment of the security of U.S. election systems—covering not just voting and registration specific software components, but also the broader enterprise environments in which they operate, to include things like email accounts and other office IT assets. The document concludes with recommendations designed to help policymakers and technical leaders meaningfully reduce systemic risk and strengthen public confidence. Election Software Security Direct Software Examination (Static and Dynamic Analysis) From 2019 through 2024, CISA partnered with Idaho National Laboratory (INL) on the Critical Product Evaluation program to conduct direct technical assessments of election software, in many cases prior to the public release of such software. These assessments occurred only upon the request of the relevant software vendor and included: • Automated and manual static source code review; • Binary fuzzing of parsers, media handling components, and data import modules; • Cryptographic implementation analysis (e.g., misuse of PRNGs, poor key handling); • Interface security testing, including authentication, authorization, and API boundary validation; • Supply chain dependency reviews, including third-party libraries, OS packages, and firmware where applicable; and • Dynamic analysis in hardened and adversarial runtime environments.
