{
  "document_id": "cia_note_venezuela_machines_intel_memo_29june2026_declass_redacted_4a7be62c0901",
  "source_relative_path": "1. Vulnerabilities in Voting and Counting Systems\\CIA Note - Venezuela Machines Intel Memo_29JUNE2026_DECLASS_REDACTED.pdf",
  "source_sha256": "4a7be62c0901e6de3b0cfee37046ea5ece1a79a0e647d6f4cdae659705148594",
  "page_number": 3,
  "extraction_method": "ocr",
  "ocr_average_confidence": 82.49890590809628
}

CIA NOTE assessment that Smartmatic's acquisition of US in Venezuela had unspecified artificial intelligence voting systems company: Sequoia posed a components installed, were designed to alter vote “moderate threat” to US national security.” tallies; could detect when-they were being : audited, and could provide printed receipts Prior to Venezuela's 2012 ~—s without registering, recording or transmitting presidential election, ame” reported those votes.® While.CIA analysts judged these that Chavez's intelligence services, including the capabilities were theoretically achievable, this General Directorate of Military Counterintelligence assessment focused on technical feasibility rather {DGCIM)} and the Bolivarian Intelligence Service than confirmation that such features were actually {SEBIN), worked with the National Etectorai implemented. . Council {CNE):and Smartmatic to develop plans to manipulate election results using preprogrammed RRR A 2013 CIA alternative analysis, produced voting machines. xe ames saan using the "Devil's Advocacy" methodology, reported that these plans called for deploying ‘outlined a plausible scenario for how large-scale altered machinés to approximately 300 voting electronic manipulation could have occurred in ‘centeys‘in traditionally pro-Chavez areas to ensure. Venezuela's 2012 election.without.detection. This victory by approximately 1.5 million votes.? analysis noted that Venezuela's electronic voting Following the election, which Chavez won by- system was vulnerable to insider access, the: ‘approximately 1.6 million votes, ‘sources reported —_ centralized nature of the CNE’s contro! over voting that Chavez congratulated his team for. technology, and gaps in opposition monitoring successfully implementing the manipulation plan.* capabilities. The report:assessed that if such . manipulation occurred, “elections in Venezuela In September 2020, § and other countries that are clierits of the Ee Ceported that Venezuela technology provider could be in-doubt."* However, had ==———s«CLIA's baseline. assessment'maintained that.no developed detailed technical plansto manipulate _arge-seale electronic fraud occurred in 2012, the December 2020 National Assembly elections based on pre-election.polling data, abserice of using what were irregular voting patterns, and the opposition's fumes According to this reporting, the concession.” technique involved creating a‘second set of virtual machines that would replicate legitimate voting: Rees Intelligence reportiig machine results, then substitute manipulated data _ consistently indicated that individuals with ties to while making votes appear to originate from Venezuelan intelligence services.had access ta legitimate machines. Fanaa election technology.and voting systems. In 2012, sources reported that Chavez assigned an army communications specialist-to the CNE to. provide - j . real-time access.to election results.** Reporting (U} Technical Capabilities and Vulnerabilities from 2012 also indicated that the CNE Information Technology Director, described as a confidant of CIA analysts assessed in. 2006 the head of military intelligence with expertise in that certain capabilities Voting technology, was. responsible for designing regarding electronic voting manipulation were _ protocols for auditing voting software."? These technically possible and operationally feasible.’ relationships: provided potential pathways for Specifically, Rae thatvoting machines = manipulation of electronic voting systems. 2
