{
  "document_id": "voter_registration_database_threats_final_ef8d1d040612",
  "source_relative_path": "4. Noncitizens on State Voter Rolls\\Voter Registration Database Threats - FINAL.pdf",
  "source_sha256": "ef8d1d0406127f1618210004db8602d59e2c4afe534de46784932f904ef110c3",
  "page_number": 2,
  "extraction_method": "native",
  "ocr_average_confidence": null
}

1 EXECUTIVE SUMMARY Recently declassified records revealed that China breached multiple state voter registration systems prior to the 2020 election. Unfortunately, this is not a new phenomenon. Unclassified reports from the last decade reveal that Statewide Voter Registration Databases (VRDB) are attractive targets for foreign adversaries.1 Hackers have attempted to breach voter registration systems in all 50 states, with confirmed successes in at least 20 states. However, experts have routinely minimized the significance of successful voter registration breaches and the exposure of sensitive personal data used for voter verification. This failure to identify and accurately describe the potential threats makes U.S. elections less secure. State and local election officials must prioritize enhanced defenses to protect voter registration databases, and to limit the ways that compromised data can be exploited. Steps should be taken to prevent bad actors from using stolen data to successfully obtain absentee ballots, alter voter registration information, or add and delete registrants. Implementing and maintaining safeguards is essential to protecting the electoral process and sustaining public confidence in elections. It is imperative to be realistic about the threats posed by foreign adversaries to our critical systems, including election infrastructure. Accurately assessing and communicating the potential for serious consequences is fundamental to effective preparedness and risk management. While candid acknowledgment of these threats may cause concern, it enables critical infrastructure owners to make informed decisions about security measures and mitigation strategies, thereby reducing vulnerability to worst case scenarios. Ignoring or minimizing risks undermines the ability to implement robust controls and leaves critical systems exposed. Transparent recognition of the threat landscape is essential for developing resilient defenses and ensuring the integrity and security of our election systems. This product provides an unclassified overview of the threats to statewide voter registration databases from both foreign and domestic actors. It relies on reporting from the intelligence community, law enforcement, and state election officials. This report is intended to inform state and local election officials of the associated threats and the need to implement recommended mitigating controls.
