{
  "document_id": "voter_registration_database_threats_final_ef8d1d040612",
  "source_relative_path": "4. Noncitizens on State Voter Rolls\\Voter Registration Database Threats - FINAL.pdf",
  "source_sha256": "ef8d1d0406127f1618210004db8602d59e2c4afe534de46784932f904ef110c3",
  "page_number": 8,
  "extraction_method": "native",
  "ocr_average_confidence": null
}

7 • Share information about important election dates and locations, requesting that ample troubleshooting is available during key periods, and ensuring mutual awareness of any planned maintenance that could impact election operations. • Ensure network traffic monitoring and analysis is enabled via a firewall or intrusion detection system and that the logs are being reviewed. • Have an alternate plan for information dissemination in case your website does go down. Make sure to test that plan. Protect and Respond: Ransomware Targeting Your Network • While not binding on non-Federal entities, CISA's Binding Operational Directives are indicative of best practices and network owners should consider following them. • Develop a patch management plan that makes reducing the significant risk of known exploited vulnerabilities a top priority for remediation and requires critical vulnerabilities to be re-mediated within 15 calendar days of initial detection. • Implement and enforce network segmentation. Proper network segmentation is an effective security mechanism to prevent an intruder from propagating exploits or moving laterally within an internal network. This includes not transferring election results on the business network. • Implement endpoint detection and response software on endpoint devices to monitor for malicious traffic. Verify alerts are being created and response processes are followed. • If not already being used, government entities should use .gov domains. • Implement Malicious Domain Blocking and Reporting (MDBR) across your network devices to prevent IT systems from connecting to harmful web domains. MDBR can block the vast majority of ransomware infections just by preventing the initial outreach to a ransomware delivery domain. • Develop and maintain incident response plans that specifically detail how to operate mission- critical processes in the event of a cybersecurity incident. • Test your incident response plans with all key players who would be involved in implementing the response. • Maintain backups that allow you to recover data at a minimum of up to 30 days prior. - Encrypt backup files and ensure credentials for accessing the backups are not stored in the targeted environment. Ransomware actors often hunt for and collect credentials stored in the targeted environment and use those credentials to attempt to access backup solutions; they also use publicly available exploits to target unpatched backup solutions. - Ensure backups are maintained offline, as most ransomware actors attempt to find and subsequently delete or encrypt accessible backups to make restoration impossible unless the ransom is paid. - Test the availability and integrity of backups in a disaster recovery scenario.
