{
  "document_id": "voter_registration_database_threats_final_ef8d1d040612",
  "source_relative_path": "4. Noncitizens on State Voter Rolls\\Voter Registration Database Threats - FINAL.pdf",
  "source_sha256": "ef8d1d0406127f1618210004db8602d59e2c4afe534de46784932f904ef110c3",
  "page_number": 9,
  "extraction_method": "native",
  "ocr_average_confidence": null
}

8 DATA BREACHES GENERALLY Over the last decade, millions of Americans have had their personally identifiable information (PII) leaked in data breaches that are not related to voter registration but compromise election security, nonetheless. Cybercriminals have gained access to databases belonging to financial institutions, healthcare providers, and other government agencies, obtaining PII including Social Security numbers, addresses, full names, dates of birth, and driver’s license numbers. In many cases, this information is sold on the dark web, where it is easily accessible to malicious actors. Because much of this same data is used to verify voter eligibility, maintain voter rolls, and verify identity for absentee ballot requests, large-scale PII exposure of data held by private companies has implications not only for privacy and financial fraud, but also for the integrity of U.S. elections. • In July 2017, a credit reporting firm discovered a data breach that affected a potential 143 million United States citizens, almost half of the population. The breach reportedly began in May 2017 and was announced nearly four months later. By exploiting an unpatched vulnerability in web application software, cyber attackers were able to steal an unprecedented amount of PII including Social Security numbers, dates of birth, home addresses, driver’s license numbers, and full names. • On February 10, 2020, the Department of Justice (DOJ) indicted four members of China’s People’s Liberation Army on counts of economic espionage, wire fraud and computer fraud. In a statement following the indictment, Attorney General William Barr said the hack fits "a disturbing and unacceptable pattern of state-sponsored computer intrusions and thefts by China and its citizens that have targeted personally identifiable information, trade secrets, and other confidential information.” • In April 2024, a background check firm that stored troves of records including full names, current and past addresses, Social Security numbers, dates of birth, and telephone numbers suffered a colossal data breach of 2.9 billion records containing PII of 170 million individuals. The information was reportedly found on the Dark Web being offered for $3.5 million. • One of the largest supplemental insurance providers in the United States suffered a data breach in June 2025 that affected 22.65 million individuals. Information accessed by hackers included PII such as Social Security numbers, dates of birth, driver’s license numbers and full names. Hackers gained access to the provider's systems via social engineering tactics e.g. phishing, whaling, and impersonation. • A report from the University of Oxford found that Russia and China ranked first and third, respectively, as nations that pose the highest threat level of cybercrime. Moreover, the PII available to these adversaries is not limited to that accessed through their own cyber operations but can be readily purchased or accessed on the dark web. The cases mentioned above involve breaches that contained the information typically needed for voter registration and absentee ballot applications. The threat this exposed data poses to the integrity of U.S. elections is significant and ongoing, underscoring the need to recognize and mitigate the direct risk it poses to critical election infrastructure.
