{
  "document_id": "voter_registration_database_threats_final_ef8d1d040612",
  "source_relative_path": "4. Noncitizens on State Voter Rolls\\Voter Registration Database Threats - FINAL.pdf",
  "source_sha256": "ef8d1d0406127f1618210004db8602d59e2c4afe534de46784932f904ef110c3",
  "page_number": 7,
  "extraction_method": "native",
  "ocr_average_confidence": null
}

6 PREPARE FOR POTENTIAL CYBERSECURITY INCIDENTS Network infrastructure and internet-facing applications, including voter registration databases, underpin and enable a variety of functions in the conduct of elections. These may include election infrastructure networks that store, host, or process voter registration information, as well as public-facing election websites that support functions like polling place lookup. Local election officials have the power to prevent most security incidents using basic security measures. Take steps now so that even if an incident occurs, critical election operations can continue. Protect and Respond: Phishing Attempts Targeting Your Email • Enable Multifactor Authentication on all accounts. - Ensure each account has its own unique credentials and do not allow credential sharing. - Apply the principle of least privilege by separating admin accounts and user accounts. - Ensure everyone changes their default passwords and require strong passwords for all accounts. • Enable Domain-based Message Authentication Reporting and Conformance for all email accounts to make it easier for email senders and receivers to determine whether an email legitimately originated from the identified sender and provides the user with instructions for handling the email if it is fraudulent. • Implement flagging external emails to alert users to use due care when opening. • Train staff so they know to only use their official email accounts, which often include enhanced security features, for official business. • Train staff to spot and report phishing or other suspicious emails. - Malicious actors are improving their techniques all the time, so training should be provided at regular intervals to educate staff about the latest tactics and how to respond to suspicious communications. Regularly review common signs of phishing so staff are familiar with what to look out for and how to report. Protect and Respond: Distributed Denial of Service Targeting Your Websites • Review existing contracts and coordinate with both website service providers and internet service providers before an incident occurs. • Identify what additional Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) mitigation and redundancy measures are available. Most major service providers have protections available, which may be offered at no cost for basic services, or at additional cost for advanced services. • Ensure you know who to contact in the event of an incident.
