{
  "document_id": "pin_edmi_declination_release_marked_c1dce1a99c75",
  "source_relative_path": "3. MichiganVoterRegistrationInvestigation\\PIN EDMI declination - RELEASE MARKED.pdf",
  "source_sha256": "c1dce1a99c75d4842c66947d53b7a6c13f691d1933c12fe2519d77e7db14ffc2",
  "page_number": 2,
  "extraction_method": "ocr",
  "ocr_average_confidence": 92.93684210526315
}

APPROVED FOR PUBLIC RELEASE BY COUNSEL TO THE PRESIDENT WARRINGTON on 10 July 2026 From: iS Ce) Sent: Thursday, April 1, 2021 5:05 PM To: (USAMIW) b Cc: (DE) (FBI) < b (DE) (FBI) ; (CRM) < # (CID) (FBI) i (CID) (FBI) < b Subject: RE: Good afternoon, Following up on our recent calls, PIN concurs in the preliminary investigative step of contacting the State/local election and law enforcement authorities to gather more information about the alleged voter registration fraud. To further our evaluation of potential predication for this matter, we recommend requesting, among other information, a detailed assessment, if any, of the number/percentage of voter registrations that the election authorities determined were fraudulent or inaccurate, and a detailed assessment, if any, of the types of fraudulent or inaccurate information included in those registrations (e.g., fictitious names, non-existent or incorrect residential addresses, etc.). Please consult again if and when your office or the FBI seeks to pursue additional investigative action. No federal public statement should be made about this matter. Lastly, please advise us if there are any pending election contests (including litigation contesting the results of the elections) in the relevant jurisdictions that relate to the same facts that are the subject of your investigation, so that we may further discuss how to proceed. Please also advise us if any of the candidates in the relevant election, or any of their representatives, have contacted or have attempted to contact any prosecutor or agent working on this matter concerning this matter, as such contact or attempted contact may raise additional legal or ethical issues. || From: a (crv) Sent: Thursday, March 11, 2021 1:16 PM To: (DE) (FBI) Cc: (DE) (FBI) ; (USAMIW) ; CRM) Subject: RE: 7 Following up on this email and our recent phone calls, PIN concurs in proceeding with a full field, grand jury investigation into the allegations involving the “blue cards.” PIN does not concur at this time, barring further predication, with a specific investigation focused purely on the voter registration fraud that has been investigated by State law enforcement officials. Please consult again if and when your office or the USAO seeks to pursue criminal charges or lacks venue for any criminal conduct. No federal public statement should be made about this matter.
