{
  "document_id": "nica_foreign_threats_to_2020_us_election_19aug2020_declass_redacted_6e22be494ee8",
  "source_relative_path": "2. ChinaAcquisitionExploitationAmericanVoterData\\NICA Foreign Threats To 2020 US Election_19AUG2020 DECLASS_REDACTED.pdf",
  "source_sha256": "6e22be494ee83716d2251e71c253ea6d78048694886b7006ce449a336aa9882b",
  "page_number": 3,
  "extraction_method": "native",
  "ocr_average_confidence": null
}

N IC 1111111111 NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE COUNCIL affiliated with the Russian Government are advancing such nauatives with US officials and other prominent persons as well as online, including through personal interactions and audio and documentary film releases via US and Ukrainian media outlets. • ••••••••• These figures are conspiring to intensify their efforts as the election approaches to orchestrate a high-profile com1ption scandal implicating former Vice President Eiden and the Democratic Party at the peak of the 2020 US presidential campaign. Their aim is to defeat the former Vice President and ensure the President's victory. Some of these proxy actors anticipate that Ukraine­ themed narratives about Democratic corruption will play a decisive role in the election and that US persons are key to propagating these narratives. Since our assessment in May, Russia continues to use state media, social media, and other online media platforms to denigrate the f01mer Vice President, the Democratic Party, and the US political "establishment/' and to promote divisions in the country. This content has largely been favorable to the President, but on occasion it criticizes his administration for policies that run counter to Russian interests. • - Russian actors have circulated narratives about voter fraud resulting from mail­ in balloting and called some US primary voting processes "rigged" by the Democratic Party. • ••••••••• Some Russian actors have shifted their focus from social media to on- line news sites. Since last year, the Lakhta Internet Research (LIR) troll farm, Russia's Foreign Intelligence Service (SVR), and the Main Directorate of the General Staff of the Russian Federation (GRU) have employed cadres of US and other foreign authors to create anti-American and US-focused political content on English-language news platforms, including [ 3 l "United World International," These groups leverage their US contacts to seed their narratives more broadly into Western media, We continue to assess that Russia's understanding of US electoral dynamics and its assessment of who is likely to win will guide its calculus as the election approaches. Ongoing cyber operations could inform or fuel further influence efforts. For example, as of June 2020, reconnoitered multiple state and local government website ; we do not know the purpose of this effo11. In July, a commercial cybersecurity company believed- may have targeted a US political organization, probably unsuccessfully, though we cannot independently attribute the activity. Russia for years has targeted and collected information about current and former US Government officials, which it could leak to the public at any time. (U) China We assess that China prefers that the President--whom Beijing sees as unpredictable and tough on China-does not win reelection. Although Beijing did not intend to try to affect the election, online­ injluence, and collecting derogatory information about US public officials DECLASSIFIED BY PRESIDENT TRUMP on 3 July 2026 DECLASSIFIED BY PRESIDENT TRUMP on 3 July 2026
